---
layout: post
title: Week of Oct 2nd - Oct 9th 
---

## What did you do this past week?
 
 - This past week was a bit hectic for me. We had a test in SWE on Thursday and the two classes before it, we continued to review new class material. 

## What's in your way?

 - I have an exam in Cryptography next week and so far I have not been doing well in the course. (Side Note: If there is anyone who has taken crypto and willing to assist / teach. I'd be more than happy to compensate with money or beverages (if of age)). 
 
## What will you do next week?

 - Next week I will assume that we'll be going over any lasting tidbits with python. I know that the course is broken into two portions, so the second should be more involved with a dynamic website and backend? Unless there is more information that we need to go over in python, which I'm completely fine with. Also, next weekend I'll be hard core studying for my cryptography exam.   

---
 - The past week was very interesting. I'm usually amazed at how fluid Prof. Downing can be. For example, during class, there is never a question that goes unanswered. He happily pauses for anyone and will clarify LITERALLY. anything. (for any parks and rec fans :). That being said, I feel like the last class (on wednesday before the exam) was a bit rushed. We kind of breezed through the last 2-3 python files in a manner that was not as previously classes. This is completely understandable considering the fact that the entire semester thus far has been completely malleable, which is amazing and uncommon for most classes that I've experienced. 
 - The second thing I wanted to discuss was the test. It was on Thursday Night, from 8-9:30 pm. One thing that's kind of a bummer is that was the same night as the ATX Startup Crawl. Granted, that it's primarily a bunch of tech companies getting together to have a drink, but I went last two years and it's an incredible networking opportunity. I made some contacts with homeaway and indeed when we went two years ago and it was cool seeing them last year and catching up. To the test itself, I feel like I didn't even use my cheat sheet. It was exactly as Downing described in class, "it's very beneficial to create the cheat sheet, not necessarily have it". I say this because, I noted all of the python caveats and hypotheticals of things like 'if you add a tuple to an array, will it work?' and things like that. 
 - I would say the exam was an excellent test of our knowledge. A little frustrating because it somewhat heavily relied on things we covered the day before, but if you understood what we went over in class, it was a matter of applying your logic to answer the questions. I know for a fact that I messed up on the very last one by simply trying to pass some test cases, but that's an accepted risk I took. 

### Tip of the Week: 
 - "You will only catch fish in the pond that you are fishing in".This was said by Jeremy Foster. What it means is that for those who are single and looking for someone else, where you look matters entirely. If you are on random dating sites like tinder or bumble, then chances of you finding a significant other are low. If you want to find that perfect someone, then sometimes you're going to have to step out of your comfort zone. Perhaps join a random organization or do something unique that you normally wouldn't find yourself doing. You'd be amazed at all the different things you can do at UT alone. Branch that out to Austin, and the possibilities are endless. This wisdom comes from hearing the complaints of a friend. Complaining about how a date goes bad these guys are all met on these dating apps who generally aren't interesting in the long term commitment. Anyways, get out there, do something different and see if you like you. You'll never know if you never try.  
