---
layout: post
title: CS 373 Fall 2016- Evan Carrillo 
---

### What did you do this past week?
 
 - This past week was mainly introductory. Professor Downing made a wonderful first impression. After the mandatory syllabus breakdown, he emphasized the importance of internships and what students should be doing to set themselves up for success. Especially over the summer when students (CS in particular) want to graduate early, but in reality to better prepare themselves, they should be gaining real world experience even if that means delaying their graduation date.  

### What's in your way?

 - I've always known Python to be an 'easy' language to learn and how it's "written just like we speak", but i've never really programmed with it. I'm very excited to be forced to learn a new language mainly because of 1) I hear that it's a very good scripting language and very widely used, and 2) because like almost everything else in this course, it will add to my skill set. 

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week we are being assigned our first project, and from the looks of it, the main challenge is going to be learning a vast suite of software development tools. From unit testing (for those who aren't familiar, it's an essential skill to have) to integration with Travis CI (another 'necessity'). There are some tools that I'm familiar with andmany that I'm not, so this will most certainly be an interesting project. 

#### Tip of the Week: www.vim-adventures.com

- I know of a few students who are used to IDE's and have never gotten the full experience of vim or emacs. Below is a website that I used when I was first learning vim. It's a basic version of an rpg game that you have to use VIM commands in order to navigate and perform various actions. It's a neat way to gain exposure to the text editor while still playing a 'game'. 



