---
layout: post
title: Nov 6th - Nov 13th
---

## What did you do this past week?

 - This past week was the beginning of the end of the semester! We started going over Refactoring, and Software Engineering practices. From the looks of the schedule, it seems that this material will take us through the end of the semester. 

## What's in your way?

 - Things are coming together for me quite nicely. I can't really say that anything has been getting in my way lately. Simply a matter of time before we wrap up my time in College and begin working full time afterwards! 

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week it appears that we'll continue with our refactorization and Strategy Patterns. Our last project of the semester is due on Thursday and I know that it needs some work before we can turn it in. I think our time will be spent working on this. 

---

 - This past week was interesting because I felt like we changed direction to a more "software engineering" scope. The material changed to Java, which should be pretty familiar to most CS students in the class. The most complicated part thus far has been understanding Abstract classes and how children classes can Inherit a parent's methods. I felt that the material was pretty straightforward, but there were some confusions in the class after certain 'hypotheical' scenarios with method names / parameter variations. 

 - Our lecture has continued as normal and Professor Downing still demonstrates the same enthusiasm as he did in the beginning of the semester. As a side note, He is a mentor / instructor for the UT competitive programming group and in the ACM competitions, all of our UT teams took the top places. I hear that if you really want to hone in on interview skills and overall develop your programming skills, you should look into Competitive Programming. It's a one hour course that If I could "do things over", I would certainly take the competitive programming course and take SWE as soon as possible. 

### Tip of the Week:

 - Independence is desired over dependence. Whenever you are working in a group or being considered for a team project, you will be desired more if you demonstrate the ability to work independently. Say you're implementing a feature, and run into a bug. Instead of going to someone and asking for help, do some research and see if you can figure out the problem on your own. Or say you don't understand why something is breaking, then perhaps you need to make sure you understand the part of the code base that you are working with. In general, it is ok to ask others for help, but not when you aren't putting in the initial effort to resolve problems on your own. 
