---
layout: post
title: Week of Sept 4th - Sept 11th 
---

## What did you do this past week?
 
 - This past week revolved around completing my collatz project. There were a lot of separate pieces that came into play, but all in all it was a very interesting project. 

## What's in your way?

 - This past week was a bit hectic in that most of my classes are starting to assign their first projects / homework sets, but i'm confident to say that I'm currently handling it pretty well. Nothing is really getting in my way except for my lack of priority to get myself to the gym during the longer periods of down time (if/when I do have them). 

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week I will finally catch up with my readings on account of my books finally arriving. 
 
---
 - My experience thus far in the class can be summed up in one word, "Amazing". Professor Downing continues to impress in both his lecture material and methods. As previously stated, students are chosen at random in the class to ensure participation and even if there are students who want to play the "I don't know anything" card, he still keeps them engaged. 
    From a personal opinion, there is this overall end goal that Professor Downing is striving to reach. It would seem that he is not only trying to build us into a strong software engineer, but a well rounded software developer in general. Most CS students adhere to the stereotype of being introverted or anti-social and he encourages interaction with other students in person and if that's too much then on piazza. I mean, this blog alone is being used for extra credit, but it allows me the opportunity to express how i'm feeling about class and honestly, I'll likely keep this up becauase it's fun to write it down. I never did get into the online diary / xanga phase, but the habitual expression of thoughts/experiences has been interesting. 

### Tip of the Week: 

 - My Fiancee and I have been following Dave Ramsey for about 3 years and it has been something that has changed our lives for the better. We attended a Financial Peace University and ever since have strictly followed it. The general premise is that "Cash is King, and Debt is Dumb". We as a society always look to purchase things that we don't really need with money that we don't have. With Credit Cards or loans, our purchases are made possible at the cost of paying insane interest rates. There's a '7 baby step' program which is an amazing start for anyone who is looking to get rid of debt and witness true wealth grow. I feel like I could write pages on the importance of being financially independent, but in reality only those who care will follow. Check out the link! (And of course I'd be more than happy to speak in person with anyone about this)
[Dave Ramsey Webpage](https://www.daveramsey.com)
