---
layout: post
title: Week of Sept 11th - Sept 18th 
---

## What did you do this past week?
 
 -  This past week we continued lecture as normal discussing caches, various python caveats and minor trivia based facts about Python. On wednesday we had a guest speaker the entire class period pretty much selling Bloomberg as a company to us CS students. 

## What's in your way?

 - Nothing is really in my way at this time. I've been catching up on work and I might even be getting ahead in 1 or 2 of my classes! (That doesn't mean much besides finishing an assignment before the night that it's due instead of working on it day of :/ ) 

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week is going to be a busy week for me. My partner and I need to wrap up the Netflix project, I need to update my resume and make sure that is in order. I have a FoCS brunch, Security dinner and then the CNS Career Fair this coming week. All in all, I feel like trying to 'make it rain' as if my resume's were a stack of dollar bills. 

---
 - Overall the class has been consistent which is what I like. I tend to prefer professors who are considered more of a 'hard-ass' than others. For example, in CS 439 (Operating Systems), when Professor Norman was begining our semester, she advised highly stressable students to seek medical attention if needed because 'this class is that hard'. Now this is only me paraphrasing in my own words but said "Don't complain to me about the work load because I've been through it, and so has every other CS student before you". 
 - In a similar example, for our first project in CS 373 (Software Engineering) we as students were introduced to a decent suite of software development tools. Some were familiar while most were new to the students. This inevitably lead to submission mistakes, late submissions due to incorrect file formats or syntax and a few other reasons I forget from piazza. Although Professor Downing was lenient with the first project, he has already stated that there will be no re-submissions allowed for this coming project. I can see how this can be considered harsh, but personally I love it. It shifts the responsibility to the student to make sure that everything is perfect before submitting their project instead of relying on forgiveness from the professor/TA's
  - The class continues to be consistent with what I've heard from 'older' CS students and remains a fact that every student SHOULD take a Downing class before graduating from UT. 

### Tip of the Week: 

 - The tip of this week will continue on the topic of money. In the field that we are in, the necessity for 'money' doesn't seem like it'll be a problem for us. But regardless of what we are doing, I recommend to EVERYONE that you need to invest in a Roth IRA immediately, if you do not have one already. I could maybe go into the details in another week but an Individual Retirement Account (IRA) is something that we should all have. It is separate from a 401(k) that you'll likely have with a company and is not related to any form of Social Security benefits (like that'll even exist down the road) when you retire.
  - The sooner you create one and contribute, the better due to the power of [Compound Interest](http://www.moneychimp.com/articles/rothira/roth_calculator.htm). A small example could be Student "A" is 22 years old and has $0 saved in a Roth. "A" contributes the max ($5,500) a year until 65. From 22yrs old to 65 years old, "A" will have contributed a total of $236,500 for saving. If the Roth accrued only at the average of 10%, the amount in the Roth will be nearly $3.5 million dollars (from interest compounding). From this Roth, "A" can withdraw $345,628 a year for the next 30 years. This money doesn't include retirement from work, Social Security or anything else. We all are super excited about how much money we will be making as a Software Engineer and how awesome it'll be, but it amazes me how little people save in comparison to what they make. 
