---
layout: post
title: Week of Oct 9th - Oct 16th 
---

## What did you do this past week?
 - This past week classes have continued as scheduled. We are slightly transitioning from python caveats and sort of implementing different SQl commands in python. i.e. select, crossjoin, thetajoin. 

## What's in your way?

 - I can't pin point any one thing getting in my way right now. I just feel like things are kind of wrapping up and coming to a close all at once.  

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week, i'm sure that we'll be going over the next portion of our project. I know that we'll be transitioning from our static web pages to a more dynamic site. Also, I'm not sure if it's this phase or the next, but we'll need to use our specified API to scrape some data and implement it in our web site. 

---
 - Since the last exam, our class has remained pretty consistent with the lectures. We actually just had our midterm grades released. The class Average was an 84% and I happened to score an 83. I can't same that I'm very proud of my grade, but considering that I was having a really hard time with 2/6 of the problems makes me feel a lot better. Had I reviewed 'different variants of returning iterables' better, I know that this exam would have been a walk in the park. 
 - Our first project went pretty well in my opinion. We may have waited a bit too close to the deadline for making sure we had every file, but things turned out ok. As a group, I felt that we meshed pretty well. We had some definitive 'front-end' guys, and the rest of our group varied in their respective roles. I hope that for the rest of this project our vibe remains positive. I have a feeling that there could be tension as we get close to the wire on this next one. 

### Tip of the Week:

 - My only tip this week is investing. An investment is something that will pay itself off in the long term. You are committing a certain amount of money (or time, or patience or anything at all) and will reap the rewards later down the road. i.e. if you get a puppy, invest the time to train your dog. Deal with the stress, anger and loss of patience with teaching them tricks / obedience. After that phase has passed, you will then have a lifetime of whatever acquired skills you have instilled (or not instilled).
 - Instead of in others, you must also invest in yourself. Invest the time to take yourself to the gym, do some sort of physical activity that will strain your body and heart, which will in turn strengthen it. Reap the rewards throughout your entire lifetime by being healthier, living longer and being able to enjoy all aspects of life. Invest in yourself financially, instead of spending money blindly, put aside 15% of every paycheck and save it in an account somewhere that you'll never touch. I won't go into the details of where and at what interest rate, but simply saving will be a good start. In 30-40 years, you will have a wonderful nest egg that you can use for whatever you want. "But what if I die in 10 years?!"Then the money you have saved could go to your children who will not have to start from scratch. Or maybe to your spouse who may still be in debt, or maybe your parents who have been playing the mortgage game for far too long. 
 - An investment can go a very long way in helping yourself, or more especially in helping others. 
