---
layout: post
title: Nov 13th - Nov 20th
---

## What did you do this past week?

 - This past week was officially our last week of lectures from Professor Downing. We finished our IDB3 project and wrapped up the rest of StrategyPatterns and engineering. On Wednesday, we had a guest lecturer from Spiceworks.  

## What's in your way?

 - I can officially say that not much is in my way at this moment. Thanksgiving is coming up and we'll be traveling to see family for a few days. Before that (and after) I'll need to start reviewing for my exams (SWE, Crypto and i'm done!). 
 
## What will you do next week?

 - Next week is Thanksgiving and we will not have classes Wednesday / Friday. On Monday we begin our presentations over the IDB projects that we've been generally working on all semester. 

---

 - This past week was one that I could consider bitter sweet. We are no longer having lectures, and will be spending the remaining 3 class days on presentations. The lecture on Spiceworks was interesting, I felt that of the both presenters, there was a noticable difference on who was comfortable in a crowd and who needed practice. We completed our Strategy Patterns and ultimately strived to accomplishing the singleton principle on a piece of code. The main idea is to allow new functionality by adding new code instead of modifying old code. 

 - On our daily quizzes, we have been going into some trivia type questions with Java and how objects reference each other. We also went over dynamic binding and the different cases when methods are not dynamically binded. 

### Tip of the Week:

 - I figured for this week, I could simply give a couple links that I like to follow for any security update news. Security has generally been the direction I've enjoyed most and below are a couple of links that are usually good reads if your interests align with mine. 

 - [reddit.com/hacking](https://www.reddit.com/r/hacking/)
 - [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/news)
 - [reddit.com/netsec](https://www.reddit.com/r/netsec/)
