---
layout: post
title: CS 373 Fall 2016- Evan Carrillo 
---

## What did you do this past week?
 
 - This past week was mainly going over our upcoming collatz project. One thing that's very interesting about this class is that professor Downing doesn't follow a standard powerpoint or 'reads from the slids'. In class, he forces participation by randomly choosing students, but even though it's forced, it's always an open conversation with the class.   

## What's in your way?

 - So far, the only thing in my way seems to be time. With getting back into the grind with my other CS classes, preparing for the upcoming job fairs/ interviews and of course football season starting up! I feel like I need a few days to prioritize after summer vacation >.< 

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week is the beginning of the career fairs. I have a feeling that we may be wrapping up any necessary work for the collatz project and then perhaps Downing will go into a brief 'how-to' on effective first impressions. One thing that you can obviously tell is that Downing really cares for the students, it was a legacy I would hear from previous students and I've only been in class a couple weeks, but can tell it's true.  

### Tip of the Week: 

- Whenever you get a chance, I'd suggest going through a breakdown of how Git works with code collaboration. Instead of just knowing that you have to git add -> commit -> push when you want to 'update' your repo, but more-so learning what is happening in the staging process and when you sync your local repo with master. Although not my proudest moment, in the past if I ever had issues with Git, I was the student who would just copy files I needed, nuke my local repo, re-clone my online repo and just paste the files into the appropriate directories. I recommend that you not do this. Instead when you have a merge conflict, you can understand where/why and just edit the respective files line by line.  

[XKCD about git](https://xkcd.com/1597/)

