---
layout: post
title: Week of Oct 9th - Oct 16th 
---

## What did you do this past week?
 - This past week we continued with our normal lecture and were also introduced to our next group project. 

## What's in your way?

 - Sadly, I didn't get much luck finding a crypto tutor, but my exam is still this wednesday and I will mainly be focusing on that the first couple days of this week. Afterwards, we'll have to finish wrapping up our first group project.  

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week, I assume that we'll be doing the same things as before. There's a portion of the class in which professor downing provides test cases and then asks the students to implement the method or class that would pass said tests. (ideally utilizing a concept recently discussed in class). I know on Monday, we'll be continuing with something similar. 

---
 - This past week we were introduced to our next project. Generally we are building a dynamic website that uses a backend (which we implement) and interacts with a customer. Of course the GUI / display must be pretty as well. 
 - My group is a group of 7 and some of us haven't worked together before, but I feel like we are pretty well balanced. Some of the students have their interests in where they want to focus, i.e. front-end (JS, html) or backend (python, flask). 
 - Class itself has remained interesting, I feel like it's still remaining consistent with all previous lectures. Considering the fact that we just had an exam (which grades aren't out yet), we are in the phase of learning a bunch of new things before getting tested on it. All in all, I still wish I would have taken this course 2-3 semesters sooner. 

### Tip of the Week: 
 - If you are in the area of getting married, or planning a wedding, then I would highly recommend starting soon. The entire process has been crazy and although my Fiancee is making most of the choices, when it comes down to the details of what goes into a wedding, you really are going to need a year to get everything right. 
 - Along with the planning, I couldn't emphasize more that you need to a) get a planning binder of some sort, b) create a new email for wedding correspondence (because you will be flooded) and c) create a budget for your wedding and stick to it. I'm amazed how expensive things are when they are for a wedding specifically. Just one example is our DJ who we booked for our wedding in April. The rental price for the evening was steep enough, *BUT* "if we want him to write us our own song that's unique, it's only another $350". *OR* "If we want him to play live during the cocktail hour, it's 'only' another $300". This might just be a personal rant, but things are insanely priced, like wanting flowers/decorations should be costing what these people are charging, (which I think is just because it's for a wedding). 
 - So, off the tangent, be prepared to make a lot of decisions that you would never think of, do research on standard wedding prices, set a budget and stick to it. And needless to say, make sure that the person you marry is the one you trust with all of your vulnerabilities. 
