---
layout: post
title: Week of Oct 23rd - Oct 30th 
---

## What did you do this past week?

 - This past week was a little different. On monday, we had lecture as normal but on Wednesday and Friday we didn't have lecture. Instead there was a guest presentation on Wednesday by Pariveda Solutions. Friday, we celebrated the UTCS 50th year and did not have class. 

## What's in your way?

 - Nothing in particular is getting in my way. I've been keeping up with homework and we are starting to be assigned / work on our final projects.  

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week I can imagine that we'll continue with what we learned on Monday. Specifically Regular Expressions and their applications. 

---

 - This past week was most certainly different from others. Monday was all about Regular expressions. I've actually used them before in a previous project that I was working on. We had to benchmark some pre-production NICs and I was working on scaling the 'multi-threaded' aspect of it. So pretty much all I did was write a script that wrapped our program and after performing a single test, I would use sed or awk and change the thread count to whatever I needed. Granted, this was very simply said, but it was a lot of "look for this string starting with 'this' but not 'that' and in place edit with 'new val'".
 - With the regular expressions, I felt that there was a lot of confusion when it came to accessing the group members or it's values. Or at least how the expressions were getting matched and the resulting pattern is built. It can be a little tricky considering how specific some of the filters you use. i.e. '?' == zero or one, '*' is zero or more and '+' is one or more arguments that match your expression. 

### Tip of the Week:

 - If possible, you always want to 'stay ahead of the curve'. What does that mean? There are some new technologies fast approaching that if you are proactive, could greatly benefit from. We know that Virtual Reality is evolving very fast. Soon enough we will have our own OASIS similar to that in Ready Player One. (Which as a side note, if you've never read the book, I couldn't recommend it enough. Especially if you are reading these posts). In the case of virtual reality, what can you do to benefit? Perhaps get involved with Machine Learning / AI, UX/UI. Above all else, I recommend that you get involved in things that you are interested, but if your interests overlap with an 'upcoming' technology, I would advise you try and break into that market. For me, I've always been interested in security and our global connection. With the IoT, security is starting to become a priority but with more features / functionalities, you know there are more bugs. And simply stated, if you are able to lock your home with your phone, then I guarantee you soon enough someone will be able to unlock your home with theirs. It's only a matter of time before different exploits are being revealed. (or not and benefitting from this). 

