---
layout: post
title: Week of Sept 18th - Sept 25th 
---

## What did you do this past week?
 
 - This past week was generally a continuation of what we've been doing in classes. In class we are learning a lot of different things about python and concepts describing the inner working of python. i.e. list comprehensions, gerators and lazy vs eager computations. I definitely think that this knowledge is applicable both as a software engineer and it's use, but the types of questions that could be used in interviews, I could definitely see coming from material like this. 

## What's in your way?

 - This past weekend was Austin City Limits (ACL). It's a massive music festival in austin in which  a bunch of bands perform on stage and you can walk from different stages depending on who you want to see. I wouldn't consider this a valid reason as to being in y way, but let's just say that this weekend was not the most productive use of my time in regards to school work :/ 
 
## What will you do next week?

 - Next week is our first exam in Software Engineering. If the exam is anything like what we've been learning in class, then I feel like it shouldn't be a problem, but I still need to review a few things and check out a few 'hypothetical scenarios' of my own, just in case we get some kind of wonky code snippets. I'll mainly be studying for exams these next couple of weeks. 

---
 - So far the class is still maintaining the same vibe. I find myself still interested in the material and I've yet to daze off and lost interest (except when we have guest lectures). Professor downing has a few iconic statements which I think are pretty funny and does a good job with keeping the interest of the students. Asides from the randomized student voluntolds, He shows enthusiam in the class when covering a topic that is considered 'cool' or super effective in use. A coined phrase he'll sometimes use after describing an aspect of python and no students 'really care' he'll say "High poing of the goddamn class" which make me laugh. 
 - There are daily quizzes which are usually based on the readings for the week or from the previous lecture. I wouldn't recommend skipping out on doing the readings mainly for the aspect of taking the quizzes (and doing well on them). One thing that I thought interesting is that after the guest lectures (both from JPL and Bloomberg) the following day, there were quizzes on the guest lecturer's themselves. i.e. "What does JPL use for Version control" and questions similar for Bloomberg. 
 - I can see students being mad about being quizzed on this but it's a very motivational aspect to keep students engaged. 

### Tip of the Week: 
 - If you ever decide that you want to start gaining weight (primarily lean muscle mass), then one of the hardest problems is eating enough food (and protein specifically). The general math states that you want to consume 1.2-1.6 grams of protein for every pound of body weight per day. So if you weight 160 lbs, you want to consume at least 192 grams of protein a day. On any given day, a meal plan would look something like this:
   - Wake up: Drink protein shake (30 grams)
   - Breakfast: Egg sandwhich + meat (~30 grams)
   - Pre-Lunch: celery + peanut butter combo (~20 grams)
   - Lunch :    Chicken Breat + Rice and Veggies (~80 grams)
   - Post Workout: Shake                         (~30 grams)
   - Dinner:    Salad + egg whites + minimal dressing (15 grams)

 - This is only a VERY basic idea of what you'd have to eat every day if you hypothetically wanted to gain about 1 pound of lean muscle mass per week. Along with a solid workout routine, you would easily start seeing results within 1 month. I know that can seem like a lifetime away just to 'see results', but consider the time you spend on your body as an investment into your future. And if you have been reading my previous posts, then you will know how much I believe in investing in your own future. 
