---
layout: post
title: Week of Oct 30th - Nov 6th 
---

## What did you do this past week?

 - This past week, we took a step back from regular expressions and shifted gears towards document encoding. (i.e. xml and json). We also completed Phase 2 of our IDB project and submitted it. 


## What's in your way?

 - A lot of the things that are in the way for me are not school related. I 've realized that I have less than a month of school left, and need to figure out where my family is going to move to after I graduate.

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week we will continue with SQL and it's useful applications. I This ill probably be one of the last few weeks that we will be getting a standard lecture. I know that as phase 3 of our project is wrapping up, we'll be presenting them to the class and that should be taking a few days up until the final exam. 

---

 - I'm somewhat glad that our class is taking a different direction. I was kind of worried at one point that given test cases, we would have to implement our own version of a regular expression / interpreter. The document formatting stuff has been pretty interesting thus far. I have a few things that I need to review beore I can confidently say that I'm comfortable with this part of the material. 
 - Last week my group wrapped up with our second project. It transitioned from a web site in which we had statically created the html pages to a dynamic site. Initally the site carouseled by us manually pointing different parts of the pages to eachother, but phase two allowed it to be done dynamically. It creates the tables effectively and also all elements of the tables are able to be sorted by various attributes. The final phase of our project includes adding a search feature and allowing elements to be inputted to the database. 
 - Last thing coming up is really my exams for all the other classes. We kind of have everything under control so far and I feel like school is wrapping up much faster than I had anticipated. 

### Tip of the Week:

 - When setting goals, make sure that they are S.M.A.R.T. goals. Smart is an acronym for Specific, Measureable, Achievable, Realistic, Timely. A general concept could be applied to if you want to establish a savings account. Instead of saying "I want to have a very comfortable egg's nest by the time I get old", you could mold your desires with the SMART method. First, you know that you want to save money, but how much? Let's pretend that in 10 years from now, you want to have saved $50,000. That is a specific goal and also Measureable. Now, in order to save that amount in 10 years, broken into weeks is $100 / week. This is something to be considered Achievable. If the amount is too high, then you can always adjust your goals to fit your needs. Lastly, A goal must be timely. Timely means that you determine 'by when' you want to achieve said goal and perhaps intermediary steps inbetween that can help you get there. it's always better to have goals that conform to the SMART process versus creating arbitrary goals for yourself. 
