---
layout: post
title: Week of Sept 11th - Sept 18th 
---

## What did you do this past week?
 
 - This past week we continued with our normal lectures in regards to python and it's various caveats. On Wednesdas there was a guest lecturer from JPL and he had a neat discussion on his job and what it's like where he works. Outside of class this week, we had the CNS career fair on tuesday which was kind of the focus of the week. 

## What's in your way?

 - Things that are in my way this week are completely unrelated to the school setting. We are currently planning a wedding, trying to figure out where we are going to move once I graduate this december. Along with this, I just found out there's a chance I'll be attending a security conference in Vienna, Austria which should be really fun. 

## What will you do next week?

 - Next week is practically working on projects / hw for other classes and squeezing in interviews in the mean time. I am already considering a job right now but I figured interviewing would be interesting and keep me on my game. I had 2 this past week and a few more this week coming. 

---
 - The results of this class are becoming apparent every day. In class we used travis-ci and docker for our first project. So of course I included in my resume that I was familiar with travis and docker. In both of my interviews, the interviewers were impressed and ironically began to ask me about agile methodologies and pair programming. In our assigned readings, we are surveying 'extreme programming' which is about pair programming and adaptive code collaboration.  
 - I think that it was more than interesting just the mention of certain 'current' buzz words benefited me in the interview. Point being, this class is preparing us as students for exactly what we will be doing upon graduation. One of my biggest regrets is that I didn't take this course sooner. For some reason, it was my understanding that we had to finish 439 before taking SWE but this isn't true. 
 - If given the choice, I would most certainly take OOP or SWE the first semester that i'm able and the other as soon as possible after. Everything's always much clearer in retrospect but just a suggestion for any students interested in doing actual software development when they graduate. 

### Tip of the Week: 
tl;dr
- study up on your company before interviewing. Be able to talk intelligently about everything on your resume. 
- (RESUME WRITING) Make sure that you know what you're talking about when you put something on your resume. First, it took me a while to shrink my resume down to a page, but afterwards I realized that there was a lot of stuff on there which I didn't feel comfortable discussing, but left it. For example, in Computer Architecture we had to defuse a binary bomb which involved using GDB and Assembly (x86). I hadn't even looked at assembly since that class and Assembly was still on my resume. Lo' and behold, during an interview I was asked about disassembling something and analyzing the function, but I had forgotten about Objdump. Nor did I remember it's flags. Needless to say, it didn't go well and towards the end I said that I didn't remember much of it, "BUT it wouldn't be hard to read up on it".
 - (INTERVIEW EXP) Second thing, which I feel could be considered 'obvious' is that you should have some prior knowledge about a company before you talk or interview with them. When I was sitting in the waiting lobby for my first interview with GM, I (yes, very last minute) looked on their site and found some quotable facts. i.e. 212,000 employees in over 100 countries across the world, 4 innovation centers in the US, etc. I burned these facts to my short term memory and it really paid off when the GM manager asked "why do you want to work at GM?". I simply recited the facts, stated how awesome that is and I wanted to be a part of it. Again, needless to say, it impressed him and I think sealed the deal. 
